Corrections in Java tutorial (#1399)
enkidevs/curriculum: java/data-management/strings-i/determining-string-equality.md

return false;
```

> **NOTE:** If we do not use the keyword `new`, then the previous code returns `true`, this is because the variable `string2` points to the same reference as the variable `string1` (`"Enki"` is already in the String pool).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** If we do not use the keyword `new`, the previous code would return `true`. This is because the variable `string2` would end up pointing to the same reference as the variable `string1` (since the string `"Enki"` would already be in the String pool by the time `string2` is created).
```

Author: Thanks!
